Introduction
------------

The Worth Data Cloud Server Demo is a web based system that that can control a network of Terminals.
It runs completely on a web server.

The Cloud Server is installed on a standard web server, easily available on a subscription basis
from a website hosting provider.

The Cloud Server requires a web server capable of handling PHP 5 and that has MySQL database 
server installed. Most web hosting service providers include these features by default.

Installing this system requires an operational knowledge of running web servers, MySQL (using 
something like phpMyAdmin), and a basic understanding of CGI scripting (PHP in specific).
 



The Cloud Server is composed of three parts:
--------------------------------------------
 
  1. The "cloud.php" script which is the web page that the 7802 Terminals connect with.
  2. "index.html" which is the web page that human users can access collected data with.
  3. A set of three tables ("proj_terminals", "proj_program", "proj_data") stored in the MySQL database of your choice.
 
 Refer to the User's Manual for more details on the content and function of these scripts and tables.
 
The Cloud Server is installed by:
---------------------------------
 
      -Copy the included PHP and INC files to a folder on your web hosting server (use your usual 
      FTP client for this). These can be copied to the main folder of your website, or to a subfolder.
      
	  -Create an empty database or identify a previously existing one to contain the required tables.
	  
      -Edit the "varstermrouter.inc" file. 
      Notice that "install.php" and "cloud.php" use the file "varstermrouter.inc". 
      This file needs to be edited to contain the correct connection and password data for your database.
      You may want to put it in a restricted access folder as a security measure (don't forget to change 
      the "includes" in the other files if you do).  
      
      -Build the necessary MySQL database tables. 
      Either run this installer by pointing your web browser to
      http://www.myWebsite/myConnectionHostFolder/install.php
      or use the included DDL (database definition log) file to build the tables manually using the 
      software tools provided by your web hosting provider.
 